docs: Update usage documents (#1073)
spidernet-io/spiderpool: docs/usage/ippool-namespace.md

# Namespace default IPPool

> *Spiderpool provides default IP pools at Namespace level. Pod running under a Namespace and not configured with a higher priority [pool selection rule](TODO) will allocate IP addresses from the Namespace default IP pools*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Spiderpool provides default IP pools at Namespace level. Pod running under a Namespace and not configured with a higher priority [pool selection rule](TODO) will be assigned with IP addresses from the Namespace default IP pools.*
```

## Set up Spiderpool

If you have not deployed Spiderpool yet, follow the guide [installation](https://github.com/spidernet-io/spiderpool/blob/main/docs/usage/install.md) for instructions on how to deploy and simply configure Spiderpool.

## Get started

First, create a new Namespace and an IPPool to be bound to it.

```bash
kubectl create ns test-ns1
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/spidernet-io/spiderpool/main/docs/example/ippool-namespace/ns1-default-ipv4-ippool.yaml
```

> Next, We expect that all Pods created in Namespace `test-ns1` will allocate IP addresses from the IPPool `ns1-default-ipv4-ippool`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, We expect that all Pods created in Namespace `test-ns1` will be assigned with IP addresses from the IPPool `ns1-default-ipv4-ippool`.
```

```bash
kubectl get sp -l case=ns
NAME                      VERSION   SUBNET           ALLOCATED-IP-COUNT   TOTAL-IP-COUNT   DISABLE
ns1-default-ipv4-ippool   4         172.18.41.0/24   0                    4                false
```

Use Namespace annotation `ipam.spidernet.io/defaultv4ippool` to specify the pool selection rules and bind Namespace and IPPool one by one.

```bash
kubectl patch ns test-ns1 --patch-file https://raw.githubusercontent.com/spidernet-io/spiderpool/main/docs/example/ippool-namespace/ns1-ippool-selection-patch.yaml
```

```yaml
metadata:
  annotations:
    ipam.spidernet.io/default-ipv4-ippool: '["ns1-default-ipv4-ippool"]'
```

Create a Deployment with 3 replicas under the Namespace `test-ns1`.

```bash
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/spidernet-io/spiderpool/main/docs/example/ippool-namespace/ns1-default-ippool-deploy.yaml
```

> Finally, all Pods in the specific Namespace are allocated IP addresses from the specified IPPool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, all Pods in the specific Namespace are assigned with IP addresses from the specified IPPool.
```
